“develop a pattern of doing things that will draw you closer to Jehovah”

---
#Book: Conversational AI
	What is an utterance?
		Literally the user's input, which primarily natural language(NL)
	What is Intent?:
		A normalization of what the use means by their utterances or what they want to do.
			- For reference "#" will come before the intent input. Ex. "#reset_password".
		In the end the classifier will sort the utterances by intents by which it was originally trained that had similar meanings.
	What is an entity?
		It's a single noun or noun-phrase of an utterance
			- Platforms use "@" to reference entities
		Dictionary is a data structure that enumerates all the possible words and phrases that you'd want to be treated the same.
			Synonyms are interchangeable
		Common names are parameters, or slot type
		`Utterance| Without Entities | With entities
		`Where are your stores? | #store_locations_all | #store_location`
		`Where is your Elm store? | #store_location_elm | #store_location @store: Elm`
	Responding to the user.
		Use conditional logic to determine the answer.
		Event loop, a "if this, then that"
	Slots are something that need to be filled before the request can be worked on. 
		Ex. Setting Alarm has one slot (the time of the alarm).
			Setting an appointment may have three slots (date, time, and locations of the appointment)
		They are useful for implementing a process flow that needs to collect multiple input variables in a coordinated way. 
#### Let's try breaking it a bit
Identify, Analyze Intent