*** w51 5/1 p. 277 Making a Success of Marriage ***  
In studying God’s Rule Book the Bible one learns that the marriage covenant between a man and woman devoted to the Lord is most sacred and binding. The all-important ingredient for any marriage, according to God’s infallible Word of truth, is love. Without love no marriage will succeed. With it no marriage will fail. Apart from the definition of the dictionary, ===love is said to be the “perfect expression of unselfishness”.=== But it is not a cold, abstract and lifeless principle or truth. Love expresses itself in action. When there is true love there is a warm expression of unselfish devotion and affection between husband and wife. Love is a godlike quality, the “fruit” of God’s spirit, for Jehovah himself is the personification of love.—Gal. 5:22; 1 John 4:8.  

***w51 5/1 p. 277 Making a Success of Marriage***  
Love is patient and long-suffering and forgiving. Love is kind, gentle and tenderhearted. Love is generous, ===considerate and constantly on the lookout for opportunities to do good to the mate.=== Love is not ill-mannered, resentful, hot tempered, mean, rude, insolent, vulgar, discourteous, or immodest. ===No, love is not selfish in any degree.=== It takes no pleasure in unrighteousness; it has no joy in the suffering of others. Consequently, if love is the activating motive in the hearts and minds of husband and wife there is no problem between them too big to solve.—1 Cor. 13:1-8, 13, NW.  
[https://www.jw.org/finder?wtlocale=E&docid=1951325&srctype=wol&srcid=share&par=8](https://www.jw.org/finder?wtlocale=E&docid=1951325&srctype=wol&srcid=share&par=8)